.wtf is the input movie format of Hourglass.
It stands for "Windows TAS File". The extension might change if anyone objects strongly enough...
(And the format itself could easily change as well.)

==WTF file format description==
A WTF file consists of a 1024-byte header followed by the input data.

===Header format===
{{{
000 4-byte signature 0x02775466 "\02wTf"
004 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: total number of input frames
008 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: rerecord count
00C 8-byte unterminated ASCII-encoded string: keyboard layout such as "00000409" for a US keyboard
014 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: frames per second
018 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: initial system clock time plus 1
01C 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: CRC32 of the game executable
020 4-byte little-endian unsigned int: size in bytes of the game executable
024 48-byte null-terminated ASCII-encoded string: filename of game executable (excluding directories)
054 reserved bytes which should be 0, padding until end of 1024 byte header
400 frame data
}}}

===Controller Data===
Each frame consists of 8 bytes of keyboard data.

Each byte is a [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd375731%28v=vs.85%29.aspx virtual key code] such as VK_ESCAPE indicating that a particular key was held on that frame. The first zero-value byte indicates that no other keys were held on that frame.

Frames where more than 8 different keys are held cannot be represented by the movie format. Nevertheless, attempting to press more than 8 keys at once will not cause desyncs, because Hourglass implements recording by saving each frame of input in movie format and then playing that frame of input back as if in playback mode.

DirectInput key codes are not stored separately, instead, they are generated based on the virtual key codes and the keyboard layout string that's stored in the current movie.